Jesus Christ
See also Bread of Life; Cornerstone; God, Creator; Godhead; God the Father, Jehovah; Jesus Christ, Advocate; Jesus Christ, Antemortal Existence of; Jesus Christ, Appearances, Antemortal; Jesus Christ, Appearances, Postmortal; Jesus Christ, Ascension of; Jesus Christ, Atonement through; Jesus Christ, Authority of; Jesus Christ, Baptism of; Jesus Christ, Betrayal of; Jesus Christ, Birth of; Jesus Christ, Condescension of; Jesus Christ, Creator; Jesus Christ, Crucifixion of; Jesus Christ, Davidic Descent of; Jesus Christ, Death of; Jesus Christ, Divine Sonship; Jesus Christ, Exemplar; Jesus Christ, Family of; Jesus Christ, Firstborn; Jesus Christ, Foreordained; Jesus Christ, Glory of; Jesus Christ, Good Shepherd; Jesus Christ, Head of the Church; Jesus Christ, Jehovah; Jesus Christ, Judge; Jesus Christ, King; Jesus Christ, Lamb of God; Jesus Christ, Light of the World; Jesus Christ, Lord; Jesus Christ, Mediator; Jesus Christ, Messenger of the Covenant; Jesus Christ, Messiah; Jesus Christ, Millennial Reign; Jesus Christ, Mission of; Jesus Christ, Only Begotten Son; Jesus Christ, Power of; Jesus Christ, Prophecies about; Jesus Christ, Redeemer; Jesus Christ, Relationships with the Father; Jesus Christ, Resurrection; Jesus Christ, Rock; Jesus Christ, Savior; Jesus Christ, Second Comforter; Jesus Christ, Second Coming; Jesus Christ, Son of Man; Jesus Christ, Spirit of; Jesus Christ, Taking the Name of; Jesus Christ, Teaching Mode of; Jesus Christ, Temptation of; Jesus Christ, Trials of; Jesus Christ, Types of, in Anticipation; Jesus Christ, Types of, in Memory; BD Jesus

Jesus Christ, Ascension of
he was parted from them, and carried up into heaven, Luke 24:51-11:5

Jesus Christ, Atonement through
A of F 1:3.
A of F 1:4.
A of F 2:3.

Jesus Christ, Authority of
See also Authority; Jesus Christ, Advocate; Jesus Christ, Divine Sonship; Jesus Christ, Firstborn; Jesus Christ, Foreordained; Jesus Christ, Jehovah; Jesus Christ, Judge; Jesus Christ, Mediator; Jesus Christ, Power of; Jesus Christ, Redeemer; Jesus Christ, Relationships with the Father
government shall be upon his shoulder, Isa. 9:6 (2 Ne. 19:6).


Jesus Christ, Betrayal of
 1 Ne. 11:32; 2 Ne. 6:9; D&C 45:53.
 government shall be upon his shoulder, Isa. 9:6

Jesus Christ, Birth of
Son … should come in the meridian of time, Moses 5:57 (6:57–62).